what is up guys it is doing here bring
you another episode of pattern EA pucks
the new updated version and I want to
thank Vince again for uploading this and
i can truly truly say he's working hard
out there trying to upload these for you
guys so giving those likes she sees
those two so when thank him for that but
now on today's episode and we are going
to be covering two things we are going
to be covering the buy low sell high a
technique you can do it Ernie eight
bucks and also the 59th minute now let's
get started and the buy low and sell
high thing I like to set my standards to
NHL and whatever puck amount i will put
that as the maximum and whatever minimum
i like to put 150 so i don't get the
little guys who are just discard worthy
so I just try to do that and just I go
to the first minute and look for people
that i can buy this works best when
you're looking on the market crashes
when promo packs come out the people to
start their players at 50 bucks and you
can just pick up a lot steals this way
today i guess i suggest to do this by
putting the maximum you have i'm
putting a little bit of a minimum so you
guys don't get all the non rare players
what i like to do I like to look for two
stats they were skating and they're
shooting as well as her hands so those
three stats and four defenders I left
look for skating checking and their
defense stats so I know like Justin
Schultz and Nick Schultz sorry he has
solid stats that I can just pick him up
easily on the first minute because
people don't really know how good he is
in this game so I know a lot of people
buy it when I listen with a by now that
works out for me so yeah guys look for
the skating look for the checking look
for the hands you know look for the good
stats they have a majority of its that's
probably a good buy another thing you
want to let people if somebody's under
85 if an 85 overall player sorry is
under the price of 1,000 bucks you want
to pick that guy up because he can
easily sell for 1.5 k and
Umberger costly goes for under 1k but
sell for over 1.5 Celestra sip drip tip
there for you guys as well now on to the
second theory of the 59th minute 59th
minute has treated me well you know I
just go there set the maximum buying out
the 2,000 all the minimum sorry the two
thousand bucks so you don't have to
scroll through with all the pages with
know by now so I drove this I go to the
59th minute and let me just go back and
forth constantly trying to look for a
deal this doesn't work all the time for
you guys probably only have to do it
during formal pack because people are
listening to ridiculously low but yeah
you do get skills this way I've got
unlucky a few times with people for
10,000 nettleworth 30,000 and such like
such like Taylor Hall and Patrick
Marleau I got 15k one sold them for 30k
like easy stuff like that despite
clicking back and forth on the triggers
so yeah guys 59th minute I'm just gonna
be showing you some more of this and
well I conclude here hopefully you guys
enjoyed episode number two the third
episode coming out very soon whenever a
bit size stuff loaded is going to be
very informative for you guys it seemed
be the next step of earning bucks for
you everyone out there it's been Louie
guys and as always they cost my friends